That marks ta merde that t'appuies on le bouton?
c is bon c is bon
Then you can talk to me otherwise it's not
It is free of good talk
You see
T'insistes pour faire le truc je fais le truc
You are here to casses les couilles
You say I say I say I say I say I say I say I say I say
I am helping you
You are here, you are here, you are here, you are here on the internet
I want to have a notoriété
I never said that
Listen to your Twitter account is cruel
Yes, this is stagnant
C is not the question
You need to capture a personality
Like a sangsue
to have a little personality
I give you
I give you this opportunity
You know if it's that I'm crazy
It’s not complicated you do everything alone.
Are you all planned?
Are you genetic?
T'es sure j'ai all j'ai le nom
You are the name?
I have the name
and I’m listening to
This is called Plutôt Caustique.
It’s not bad ok.
Are you genetic?
et ben non c is party c is party
c is party
Welcome to the first number of Plutôt Caustique
Goodbye
Welcome to Plutôt Caustique
Plutôt Caustique
The party is generic
It is you fais le générique
Do you want me to sing?
Bah non mais t'as prevu
Make a Generic
I know not me
1, 2, 3 Plutôt Caustique
by Ben
Pluto
Plutôt Caustique
I am gentle
It's a bad man
by Plutôt Caustique
There was a small side
by digodong
YES
It sent me badly.
Goodbye
Bonsoir
Welcome to the first episode of Plutôt Caustique
A podcast with
Clement
and
Urban
Here is
Two people
Two colleagues
Two friends
YES
The good colleagues
On can you say
of friends?
The good colleagues
I want to say
People who bossent well together
but also
People on whom can count
The Friends
by
of colleagues
by potes
Here is
by agreement
It's a podcast that's on essaiera de faire
I know no comment on it.
every two weeks
2nd week
Not that is twice a week
Here is
So it was good
It was my problem
I know not
2nd Manual
Quinzomadaire
by podcast quinzomadaire
Where we will talk about two subjects
What we have
of all a priori
by ACT
on va dezinguer l'actu
I think that above all
Those who have to fear
The plus
It is all the commentators
because it acts
L'acte on va la dire
The Desinguer
I will learn
on the analyst
It will be something else
and attention
Attention to height
Attention to politicians
all the oils
The bridges
The Powerful
They have to do a little
by Le Frac
It is certain that
So here is
on will talk
Because that ultimately
Working together
but on ne se voit pas
on ne se voit plus
Bah no, it is true that you
You are very busy
by everything that is ton
Stand up
Career What is Finally
I’ve heard that
Bon
It happened rather well for you.
c is true
attention
that you frequent a little
The Bah
The Grandes of Chaud-Bénin
by Muriel Robin
by Michel Lab
and then
and then not it is true
and then you on your side
It's true that you love
Killer of the Children
YES
And then it takes
Bah C is
The Detection
by nettoie
It takes little time
Who makes that
A lot of return
by Brico
No but disons
This is a podcast
This can be the opportunity
to learn more
Take the pulse
Finally
of our relationship
but also of our society
of course
The Society
Finally of our society
You can represent
The Society
As long as
If it remains one
male white
Parisian
6 – 7
Here is
You are combined with privileges
You
Bishop complènes plus
I don't know more
J is
Here is
The Self Racism
that I see
The racism is anti-grand
The Anti-Grand
Anti-
It is better than racism.
Anti-white
and anti-guule de con
It's true that you're a vraie gueule de con
I can say that
I have desire
I want you to explain to me
A little bit of podcast
We will talk about the act.
We will talk about everything
of nothing
All of nothing above all
Welcome to people
Maybe not
The people want to come
Started
Here is
c is party
The first subject
I want to talk about a trick
This is what makes that
Who gave me the idea
by Podcast
Where is what we could talk
of everything and nothing
Because of the time
It happens to us
in the life
and it is not a pas long
I Lisais
The car can be read
No but it seems to me
I've learned the last year
I recommend this trick
c is dementia
c is
Ah no mais c is
The people don't speak enough
Not because the people
The series and everything
The Lectures of My Pope
So what is that you as amené
I see that you get out of your small magazine
I've read an interview
by the magazine Society
and I am tombé on the interview
by a writer
Who is a winner
Le Goncourt figure-toi
no no no
It is not winning
A Gagné Le Prix Fémina
The writer is called
by Philippe
by Jaénada
Here is
If you know
I don't have you what he does
Are you sure that you know lire?
No Yes Yes
I know to read
I come to finish
Grouchy à la plage
Who was really a sugar
You as mis what
Two and three months
Two good months
I've learned a lot of things
The environment is hard
In particular, on the beach
on can s'y faire des copains
It always makes pleasure
What is what he tells
in this interview
by Philippe Jaénada
I recommend this interview
Who Part of the Fire of God
From the first question
What do you do in this moment?
So already a journalist
A question to all banals
by Chiante
You know what?
You will read me
you lis-moi this answer
And I'm going to give you a moment
where it part in couille
where is it?
This is the first
Here is
What do you do in this moment?
I am dans une période vide
very strange
I am a little
Not depressed
but la promo is ereintant
very hard
So already on can say that
Bon
There is no pas de la pêche
YES
My
I'm out of my books
in September
August to mid-November
I’m going to pile the opposite.
What I do
When I write
That is, that during one and a half
You are detained
Without seeing anyone
and then
for four months
I have to talk to enormous people
Here is
Here he explains us
What is hard
The Solitude
by the writer
Finally
It is a beautiful entrance.
in the world of the writer
and after it must make the promo
It is anxious
but attention
It collapses very strongly
Safe that there is
middle of November
J'ai Gagnné Le Prix Fémina
by CUP LA PROMO
Finished Plus
I'm arriving at a stadium
Where I Can't More
to understand
by prononcer
The word serpent
Who must be the title
The Son of the Book
Here is
I talk with an actor
The other day
When they have a movie
by Friday
by les voit partout
But it lasts only a week
We are several months
Meeting with colleagues
to make the salons
and repeat always
I love things
very well
Le mec se plaint
of something
Who is a priori
But quite sympathetic
So far very well
one day
Because we were disputed
The woman was part
See the former son
It was a revenue
with the traces of sperm
on the Seins
This makes me a couple
Here is then
It is what can be repeated
then
J'ai pas vu la charnière
The Trick
c is that
and a
So you have well understood
Not forgotten the words
This person a well derapé
of a coup
I talk with an actor
The other day
When they font
The movie on Friday
A few months of promo
Meeting with colleagues
to make the salons
and repeat always
I love things
Point
one day
Because we were disputed
The woman was part
See the former son
It was a revenue
with the traces of sperm
on the Seins
This makes me a couple
I feel again
with the tricks on me
The Morceaux of Serpent
then
It is that you
You don't believe it's right
Serpent and Sperm
who are similar
So he makes an association
I'm never vu but I'm never vu
A Man
already good
good already
It is a writer
It is not a secret
You are a meuf
Yes
Bon moi j'en ai one too
Imaginations that we are enguling
with the respective meufs
Imagination itself
How to see their ex
Admissions
When she returns
All women are free
with traces
by sperm
on the Seins
c’est-à-dire
by son chandail
It's all that is all
I understand the pas
Not because that already
That is what I do not understand
already
The traces of the sperm
on the Seins
So already I will have to explain
What’s what’s the traces
Sperm on the Seins
Because that
because it is the sperm seché
by son chandail
Because that is
for example
When on fait l'amour dans le bain
You see
with the water
It remains the little tricks.
I am too big
To make love in the bathroom
When you do the love
I know you know you know you know you know
The Principle
If yes, it is a fact.
once or two
When it is a water
The sperm remains
and faces the little trucs collés
So then that
I sauras no dire
You see
Bon then c'est le seul moyen
because otherwise
as du sel when you sors de la mer
Exactly
I am what I'm imagining
It was rather that sa meuf
Part of
Sugar
It has done
The Prime Minister Ex Venu
He who enjoys
by Le Chandail
by le tricot de peau
and that she returns
without being cleaned
to prove to the mec
on the Seins
Yes but c'est possibly les seins
It may be le
In any case he
It must not be embroiled
with his wife
I think the disputes
The coup must be private
Because that
You pass me the sel
You talk not like that.
Bon je vais sucer le bazar
then already
The ex must be available
of course
You need to know where it is
at any moment
He must have a desire
by se faire sucer
Bon of Agreement
and the end on the seins
and to say
You want a serviette
No IRA thank you
I'm going to make my mec
in fact
I think this is the idea
It was to make it crazy
The Woman of This Person
Who a nothing demanded
First Question
It makes the worst analogy of the world
Because we’re d’accord
That already doesn’t mean anything
and what more
It has nothing to see
with the stories
The Strass of Sperm
by La Promo
You feel the sale of your book
Yes
You are defending this analogy
I don't understand anything
no no no no no
And then the second question
The second question
YES
and
Because that
I rappelled you
What it does
This makes me a couple
I feel again
with the tricks on me
The Morceaux of Serpent
I'm so bad to write
forced
after it is true that
You must always think
to your wife
Who becomes tringler
by any crazy
You are not forced in the
of course
Here is the journalist
Not to note
by bah d'accord
Strange
He said
and you prenez
Le mec ne relève pas
no no no
The direct journalist
and you prenez le temps
by lire
by send qu'il essaie
The Escape
No but you see well
The man had to be
Hyper mal à l'aise
Dancing on a sofa
in the salon
by Philippe Jaénada
You are the heads
The Serre Around
You are the Woman
Who looks at you
by the entrebaillure
from the door
You revoulez des gâteaux
If you engueulez
I am here
Philippe’s attention
You are angry
Not the Cake
Selling Pudding
Bon bah je vais sucer le vase
Imagine this site
They have sent
Their internship
This is the little Nico.
Who is a 19 piges
Who is there
with son petit magnetophone
and then he enchaîne
and otherwise
you prenez le temps
by lire
So here you imagine well
What is not good
then here
Spoiler alert
From the end
This second question
Repair of his wife
Who has nothing demanded
who a refait a truc degueu
I am you
Le Zappe Le Beginning
Yes in the evening
I have the potes
who disent me
When I write
I don’t read
It seems to me
completely mysterious
Here is
by patac tac
We are talking about Bukowski
There is J'ai relu
for the reimpression
in pocket
not here
It says that there is a relu Bukowski
by agreement
He says he loves well
the side completely disinhibed
There is J'ai relu
Because there is a
A reimpression
in pocket
Here is
by Nefertiti
Dancing and
No
The Book of Bukowski
Here is
and it rappelle sa femme
because there is a le mot chier
A lot in the book
and there of course
HOP
by direct
He thinks of his wife
because when I’ve met
The Woman
then here
The journalist
being sure
A Fear Again
What it does no matter
It is what you lisez
Yes, I am Bukowski
When I’ve met
The Woman
no no no
It is what you lisez
I am Bukowski
He is talking about Chier
It is a lot of chier
The Ten
That makes me think to the woman
So here on a fear
and you are right
because when I’ve met
The Woman
She’s not arrested
by Allers aux Chiottes
At least 10 times a day
What to?
and to make caca
I liked it
The mixer
and a story of love
I’ve corrected a little.
Therefore
on the east sur
A Man
I invite you anyway.
Go to Chercher a little sa head
on est sur ce petit monsieur
It looks like Benicio Del Toro.
Who would have a little too much
by Benicio del Toro
The Team Seat
Benicio Del Team Seat
Who Would Have Problems with Hormones
sufficiently marked
and the coup it says
by J'ai Lu Bukowski
It is about caca
That me rappelle ma femme
by Ma Femme
What is a chié
At the beginning of our relationship?
may be now
It is arrested
But at the time
It was 10 times a day
How does it conclude?
Because it is necessary
then here
The journalist said
and your wife
She said what?
Oh she's wrong completely
It is Protestant
and alsacienne
in his educations
on a right of everything
The moment that it is true
once
I’ve even written
When she was little
She dreamed of kissing
with son father
and relisant
I am there
I can anyway
Don’t put it
by Benicio Del Toro
and the limits
And then he says
anyway
Here is
What is it a response?
Madame Je Suce Le Voisin
by train de faire caca
It is a dit
Ben what?
Is it true?
She was for
What they disent in the book
What she wants to kiss with son father
This is at the limit
You see
The Complex of Oedipe
Bon c is not new
I am what I'm more surprised
This is the report to la merde.
You see
I want you to say
Why
It is at the beginning of their relationship.
ELLE CHAYIT PLUS THAT NOW
What is that who has passed?
What's What a Change Dance
The stress?
Maybe the new love?
Maybe
She said
I finally meet the man of my life.
It is always that
make gaffe
If you are
people think that it is the diarrhea
and the courant
It’s not love
If it is found
You are in love with someone
I’ve never seen love like that.
But it is true that it is
Therefore
Balance of the Interview
It's what you want to read
The Women’s Prize?
Ben in fact
What I say to me above all
It is that there
on n'en est qu'à la seconde question
What is what happens after
Is that going on?
Is it that le stagiaire a survival?
What are they not sequestre?
What you see
Because that
Party like this
I think we can be easily
A couple of Zinzin
You see the genre
The pub of the staircase
The West Craven
You see where they have children
who vivent dans les murs
You see I know not
I know not
I want to read the suite in any case.
It is a suite
The Interview
So on the East really
It is a rollercoaster.
And there was the top
Here is no better
But finally he talks anyway.
From the end to the end
to say that
They have an apartment
and there is a piece
where she has no right to return
If it is true that it is
Qu'elle chie par terre
How to meet the spu spu
A little everywhere
It is true that I understand
When on a need of son intimacy
I agree but not bad
very nice
Was it in the Society of When?
The Society of the People with Kendrick Lamar
27 February to 7 March
It is a little old
I am trained in les chiottes
I also have a little problem.
You are also in love
After I am first made the trick
by Mélenchon
by Kendrick Lamar
and puis après j'ai vu ce truc là
I can tell you
That was not the interview
I wanted to read
Because I didn't have who it was
et ben j'ai pas été déçu
You will possibly buy the serpent then
I have lu la serpe.
and what they want to talk
in the comments
on our social networks
says us comment it was
very well
Subject
subject number 2
Listen to me and a trick
Who tracases me a little
The last time
I am tombé on a video
by a German tourist
in Austria
Who
I have the impression that it goes again
Talk about CAC
No
Maybe
and on and viendra
But for the moment not
It is in Austria
with ses potes in vacation
This is his first vacation
And it is a bar
Because he is a supporter
Supporters of Brême
Meeting with the mecs of Bayern
A trick like that.
Shortly
It gets a coup on the ear.
A little problem with the temptation
The doctor says
You can’t take the plane.
You can't get back with your potes
attend a day or two
He attends one day or two
I go to the airport
and here
Video of camera surveillance
We Le Voyons
Returns to the airport
with son sac
I will see the doctor.
of the airport
to have the confirmation
I have the right to fly
The doctor says
No problem
and here
Camera of Surveillance
I have sacks
on le voit s'enfuir
in the hall of the airport
Out of the airport
in the current
Crossing the Pistes
Escalate and grill
and escape in the forest
and on ne l'a jamais revu
What to?
never revu
It was in 2014
Le mec a disparu
I'm not going to go to Canada
Des gens l'ont vu in Hungary
on it
J'ai vu un Clodo
who he looks like
by bullshit
Reddit a essayé de retrouver le gars
No one is found
You know where it is me?
It is behind you!
Writing of the Books
He was behind you
From the beginning
and then the mec
What I'm Trying Me
A little girl
c is
Good for videos
The video is scared
You see
You are OK
He has fought
before that
A Called Mother
for him to say
I believe I am followed
He was completely paranoid.
It is a dit
Doctors are not filed
A medicine
I think that
It is not normal
and all
What age is this person?
24 pics
but German
So it's a l'air of having 40
No
He was pretty glabry
It was not a beautiful German.
It is not le beau teuton
Shortly
Safe that
The Beau Teuton
where it becomes interesting
c is that
Internet a mené l'enquête
and what the mecs have said
Possibly
It is a coup on the head.
Three days before
Traumatic
Paranoia
due au traumatisme crânien
and the mec was convinced
to be persecuted
on a la video
by him
I invite you to go to see
I will say the name to the end.
I have forgotten
by the mec
who crosses the hall in current
Abandoned everything
Son of Sack
His passport
The Son Phone
Son of Argenti
Nothing
and he's retrouve dans les bois
in Austria
by Galie
I know more
I see it in the woods
all alone
and on a plus of news
by him
Sa Mère Allait Le Chercher
on place
They have searched in the streets
The Centres of Clodo
in the Hospitals
What I am asking
c is
According to the doctors
It is impossible
having a paranoia
You are strong
Four days after
A trauma in the neck
It would be vu otherwise.
It is important that he does not part
as a sprint
but it part
Little Foulée
The Little Running
He knows what he does
I think that he knows what he does
It disappears
He is on a marathon
He wants not to exhaust
It disappears
It is not exhausted
The escalation
The grill
This is the last image
What is a reading
Last image
on le voit s'enfoncer
Flou dans les bois
People have said
This is not just
Someone who has said
Franchise
That a l air really too chiant
It is that the airport
Maybe
From the airport
c is stressful
I know not
I know
I understand this trick
You must take EasyJet
No but for example
on you dit
Oh yeah
You need a supplement
The baggage in soute
You can
There is no one that des films
by Adam Sandler
Here is
on n'a que le dernier
by Adam Sandler
Bon bah tu y vas pas
The course
I am above all
You can say
Theory number 1
It is the theory
The most interesting
I have eu
It is the mec est tombé
by Dealer
Who is forced
to be a mule
You see
It is a panic
but awaits
The baggage on a retrouvé
YES
So that would be all
on him
Yes
Here is
and the people are said
YES
And he would have even
Eclaté a balloon
The Heroes or What
The Son Corps
and it would become paranoid
Sauf that it does not
with his facts and gestures
with
Il allait d'Allemagne
to where?
Il allait d'Autriche
of Hungary
in Germany
C is not there
It is a drug trafficking
by no
On the east pas no plus
in Brazil
or in Colombia
So here is
My question
I have a lot of thought
You see it a tracassé
Because I feel
You say me
The mec
Anyone who
A completely disparu
in the woods
since
may he listen to us
More than 4 years
If he hears us
Make Signs
It is called Mats
I believe
Do you have notions of German?
I am J
A few notions
I can tell him
Sleeping well
Treumen is sister
It is a dire
in the way you travel
Eat well
made of beurre
and a priori
I think that
I think the message
is past
Mats
It is what he would have pu
The Survivor in Les bois
all alone?
It is that
You will be capable
to do that
to change life
by All Plaquer
I'm going without a bag
Without the fringes
without your phone
without your passport
without anything
and reinvent the way of zero
Is that possible?
Where do you start?
You talk to a mec
Who arrives an hour in advance
for a train
by Clermont-Limoges
I am rather organized
rather not
Stay in the same way
The same way banal
Sadly
but it is that
It is Rambo
In the forest there?
The question is that
What you think
that le mec
A survivor in the forest?
It is dead of thirst
It is paranoid?
I’m not like
Stories of Mystery
He is dead
Matt is dead
and you will do son deuil
all of suite
and otherwise
A Mass in German
No
I will tell you
All of the suite already
Tu sais pas faire la messe in German
I don't know to say
Sleeping by Siegut
Trommend Jesus
and dis-le in messe
Sleeping by Siegut
OK
and
for you Mats
especially
You tell me
He is dead
This means that
I have to make a cross
by Xavier Dupont-Ligonnès
for example
and make a cross
on all the people
Disappeared
I’m going to pose
to make a cross
by
I will ask you the question
by Stevie Duloft
You see what I want to say
on our author
I will ask you the question
otherwise
I know you are passionate
of all these stories
Mystery and Everything
How Much Are Revenue
After many years?
then
It is a case
where on retrouve des mecs
Because I am a guy of math
I am a guy des probas
You are Cartesian
You are French
I understand
I am in the probas
You tell me
is 1 out of 10
You are the mec
Who makes the palettes
on the channel
No Yes
OK
There is a strong chance
for that
But that doesn’t explain
The Mystery
Why to leave in current
as this
So you are in the office
Doctor of the Airport
Who says
Go home to your mother
2h to 2h in air
Home to Mother
and thou tu pars in current
Are you already allé in Germany?
YES
C is not even
He was in Hungary
I think that
The house is located in Ibiza
He would not
It would be income
For me it is a small definition.
from Hell
by d'accord
I see what you want to say
Not not but listen
What I'd be surprised
It is the mec
It was a summer search
Where he would be in Canada
by l'aurait chopé
on a des services powerful
Ah Bah No But It
It is a connerie
Le mec can not cross
No paper without anything
Pass of Austria to Canada
OK
after it is white
Yes but even
You see me I am white
When I Pass to the Customs
I always have a little
pincement
and the mecs
Supervisory
Shortly
My question
C is above all
Imagination
You find you
I want to change life
where you start
It’s a dance and it pays a stranger.
You are nothing
You are dans la forêt
This is what you decide
Living in Robinson
I am des gens
The prostitute of the coin
No one met
The Little Catin
of the airport
Casse the Prices
I have renseigned
and I will see the first pute
I say it is how much la pipe
I do twice less
You can
Attracting the Ennuis
Yes but
Because I want to come
disrupts
Because it is like that
What says Macron
J'ai vu today
It is a dit
It is in one of Forbes
I want a nation
disruptive nation
You want to disrupt
A business model
You know what the business model
Prostitution in Hungary
It is a trick
I'm not like the hackers
You know how they font
to be engaged
The Hackers
They take the truc of the FBI
The hack
Here on their dit it’s not well
You say there is a failure
and after they propose a job
I'm going to lose the prizes
Everything is suffered
But really well
in the cartel
All the world is there
C is crazy
after that of course
They come to see me to kill me
The coup is said
The guys goûtez anyway
And there they disent
but c is the best pute
from Mexico
I am engaged
I see you in favelas
by Sake
Yes of Agreement
I am engaged
I end with them
and puis je finis ma crêle
and here
Oh yeah but you
Oh yeah d'accord
You don’t want to stay simple
But not of course
It is a story
by Monter les échelons
The Startup Nation
by La
disrupts the
The Pute Game
But at the beginning
You have to arrive all of the time
Casser the Prices
I agree, but you
You find everything in suite
Source of Tunes
I think I do
All of Suite Le Plus Vieux
Do not try
The Essayer Le Stand Up
Do not try the traps
in La
The fool stand up
It is a bon
Maybe
You are laughing
You are suce
You make pleasure to people
and you harvest the
no no no
Franchise
Franchise is not me
But you really
I had to do that
I think
that
I am
I am playing
I have to play
Profile Basic
The little job
The first job
and you mountains
small to small
You know that dans la vie
You are poly
that you arrive at the time
YES
It is not a big thing
Polish
It arrives at the time
Never ask questions
and you are no desire
to find your family
Recovered to Meuf
Recovering the potes
at no moment
revoir le pay
The France?
France is always
in my heart
France I miss
It's true that she part with you
where you are
in any way France
She will be with me
not I know not
It's not my trick
Here is here
I was c
It was the little
Well then you you believe
What is living?
I think he is alive
Because I tell you
Creire qu'il est mort
It is a cross
on many of
I love it well
The Top 3
of the mecs that’s searching
Who are here
then
by Dupont de Ligonnès
Good for me
It is le
Who Hears Us Surely
It is a little le maître étalon.
Dancing in the Cave
by Larzac
Whatever it is all
You install it now
Not for me
by Le Maître Étalon
The Romanian Disappearance
who intrigues me
Who leaves the possibility
The door open
A Thousand Things
Here is
by Dupont de Ligonnès
I am 90% sure
that le mec is dead
Who is pendu
in a forest petée
by Larzac
But I want not to believe
Because that
You see me
I have that passion
for them to escape
for example
Les mecs qui s'enfuient
by Prison
of course
You see
I have this trick here
The Men Who
who disent not what
who disent
and the life
Stop
and it is true that
et il y un côté romanesque
Who is Magic
to that
It is a joke
by Louis Siquet
Masturbation in Chef
Who says
I know you on a le droit
by Louis Siquet
I believe that we can talk
Dancing in one of his jokes
What he always considered
Suicide as an option
that which is true
When a Trick
He said
You fill in the tax sheet
and you are there is horrible
and he remains always
I can mutate me
and before that
and a
You can barrier me
What is always there
No but yes d'accord
by agreement
c is true
but c is
I think that
and as I tell you
I think that stupid
The mec
It is not des
Cartels of Drugs
c is not
A History of Family
c is simply
At the end of a moment
The Relais
with the sandwich at 6 euros
Le mec de la douane
The airplane
The train of train
of every day
Finally the aircraft
The aircraft of all days
It was a vu qu'il y had
Children around him
in the aircraft
It is a dit
No
I said no
I'm better in the forest
and the coup
With this story there
With this explanation
Reviews of images
It’s funny you see
Because you imagine right
A man who says
No
Who says
You won’t
Poetry
The system of merde
and who part in current
Escalation
by barbelé
in the middle of an airport
Because it crosses
In front of airplanes
The guy is crazy anyway
and it is just for
Not to have
by the Pointer au TAP
on Monday
to make the repas de famille
by merde
with son vieux
Tonton German
I have your explanation
You know what happens
in the aircraft
to the security
What is what he asks us
to do now
Since the 11th September
Remove the Pumps
He had a socket dingo
The Socks Mickey
Dispared
and it was a shame
when calming
He could not
Supporters
to do
Classes
If you find
The Dingo Chaussette
in the forest
It's good it's there
Creused
It is not far away
OK
It's good I've regle your affair
very well
It is me
thanks
I think that
The Demand
good good good good good good good good
Rules
let it be
Let it be said
The Dark Story
The Socks
You had something else
A proposal to us
Yes then
You as faced
A Tweet
The People Who You
who you follow
Maybe on Twitter
The Light Carrier
I say you ouais
You as a tweet
on one person
Who is Successful
Who is a struggle
in the life
Who wants to defend
by croiser
Who is a struggle
in the life
De Defendre la Race Blanche
I believe
I think I think
and who a success
to the place
and endroit
A little disconnected
c is true
So you can explain to me
The story of this tweet
then in fact
c is
Partly on something
D’assez banal
Finally at the start
Who is an article
The Atlantic
Who is talking
The change of color
Metro of Paris
Who is to come
It is a dire that
Hidalgo is
Again she
Hidalpute
Annie
The Famous
by Annie Hidalgo
withdrawal
Yes withdrawal
Here is
It is a dit
It is all à son honneur
Metro of Paris
Who is of a color
You will be able to say me
who is quite degueulasse
I know not what it is
So you are Daltonien
c is true
It is white
The Green Hospital
This is the green hospital
This is exactly that
The green who can
La croque d'être saignante
You see what I want to say
who can la sondure étrale
and bah ce green there
They want to pass au bleu
The Atlantic Cup title
Le métro parisien va changer de color
and the tweet
all bonnement
Here is simply
accompanied by link to the article
and here
The Knight
attention
Music
Music Knights
A Hero
The Hero of Modern France
It says
by robase
4 tons of sand
I can no more
I can no plus me silence
It is too
I have to talk
A minute of coconut
Le gars a craqué
and for
All of France white
It is a dit
and le mec a dit
Metro will change of color
France as well
Suspension
and me you see
I want you to say
C is above all
These points of suspension
Who is me
Who's Me Marked
It is a dire that
France as well
You say
A joke
The parody
The
because we know the full
on Twitter
You see
These guys a little bit
Their crossroads
The anti-Macron
by Anne Hidalgo
The Netherlands
Anti-all
You see here
who follow me often
Oral in other words
Anti-métissage
here
The points of suspension
They wanted to say everything
Wished to say
It hurt me
to see that
by Boulangerie
French baguette
I can be served
by a cabin
It hurt me
to see that
I see that my maçon
It is plus bronze
that me
in fact
It hurt me
You see the mec
was dance
I have two tricks
Who makes me sad
in the life
and
The French
and not French
who residents in France
and in the whole world
Otherwise
Who must rise
The racism
It is very hard
and two
Really
For the force of seeing
The racists
on Twitter
on the internet
everywhere
The first reaction
c was
They are really cons
These racists
They are evil
I hate them
and a force
I see a true suffering
at these people
and when on est obsédé
at point
When the article
It is on
The Color of the Metro
and whom we are sent obliged
What power
What suffering
This is in fact that
This is what you have to put
by you
in the daily
Because you see
I’m talking about
by my tweet
by disant
But I think that requires
Enormous work
You know what
We are going to play a new game
Find a racist comment
I will go on the world
I give you articles
and you must be the mec
and find the comment
in report
with France
France which
c is party
then
When is the exit tax
by Macron
What is the exit tax
Macron wants to suppress
It is only
There was no tax
Who Could Exit France
not bad
Good to play
The Empire of Vincent Bolloré
by les déconvenus
OK
Attends
You are
c is easy
What I regret
c is
The Napoleonic Empire
AH
not bad
Tagged gamesvideo.com
then
Facebook
How to function
Son Service of Meeting
What I am asking
How does France work
The hashtag
The Netherlands
The Taubira Pute
The hashtag
Banana
by Taubira
AH
not bad
but
I feel not
The Last
I was not
You have to return every time
by Le fait que la France
and metis
OK is OK
attention
Not that you are too much
I am distant
Armenia
Pachignan said to have the support
of all parties
Appeal to cesser the demonstrations
by Pachignan
At least in Pakistan
It is a true name Armenian.
Oh yeah
not bad
You see what I have
Yes here
It would not be of Pachignan.
Football
by Mohamed Salah
A salvation at the time
by Roma
and Liverpool
by Mohamed
in question
Really
The hashtag
in 2018
It is that it is that
What we want tomorrow
I agree bravo
It is the world that we want
for our children
Beautiful
You have been very good
in the game
I thank you
It is the game of
Metist France
The Nazi Tweet
You know not
Beautiful
superb
I want to talk to you
I want to talk about you
I want you to talk about us
I want you and me
On a part on a boat
It’s funny because
When the Auditors
A time on a lot
and at the time I have the impression
I can tell you of things
I can't tell you
When on est all the two
I want you to say
It is not easy
What I will say
but you will say
I feel that the Auditors
are with you
Think about
Nakaton des Sables
Who found the courage
by Tweeter
and France
Point of Suspension
and it is with son courage
What I will tell you
Clement
I want you
I pass la fin de ta bière
It is the time
of course
thanks
It finds that we are on
What we call
You have finished
Appeal to 1%
It remains almost nothing.
in your beer
The percentage of bave
I ask if it is true
that
on m'a fait ce truc
90 percent of the bave
I am recrache pas
by Ma Beère
without the will
A lot of things
for example
It is what you know
The name of insects
that you avales
Dancing a Day
then that
in one year
by Les gens le savent
Part on a myth total
The Araignées
who rentrent dans ta bouche
When you sleep
1 kg
It is not that
It is always ridiculous
1 kg
You have mango
200 grams of araignées
I believe it is not all
I had a little trick for you.
by Vas-Y
after the mecs disparus
J'ai vu le dernier trailer
The Second Jurassic World
by Chris Pratt
I am I also
and a long time
to tell me that
I have not been
by Saisi
Really by Le
Prime Minister
then
by Y
The Last Trailer
You are coupe pas
by Y
This is the last trailer
Attends
You want to talk
You cause my old
The Jurassic World 2
You want to cause
Attends
How to Dance the Podcast
I'm never la chic
You want to cause
You Causes
and you want to cause
Because here is free
Talk to my grand
Just Caustique
and just free
That’s what interests me
Exactly
The Jurassic World
Then you speak my vieux
Trailer
The third trailer
Because the mecs
by font pecher
The Third Trailer
to sit a little
The Park of the Jurassic World
destroyed
The cataclysm
All the world has gone away
by blablabla
Safe that
The volcano threat
The island
on which the park is constructed
and si j'ai bien compris
I know the volcanoes
I'm coming to the autumn
That doesn’t make fear
Finally they are
They are extinct
They are not
attention
then
Therefore
The volcano threat
The island
Where there was the park
Sauf que sur l'île
Living the Dinosaurs
in freedom
and
A company
A Priority
well intended
We will see La Meuf du 1
by Chris Pratt
and he said
They disent
The Ten
The rest of the dinosaurs
Alz les Sauver
Bon
I have found it
very con
Yes
Because that
The Prime Minister was Bête déjà
The Prime Minister was already
by chier
You say OK
Alz les Sauver
Chris Pratt is accepted
They will go on the island
So already
Double threat
The threat
by chute de gravier
and lava
Plus
The Dinosaur
In other words I mettrai
Yes because that
by chute de gravier
is not very
It is not very serious
Picote anyway.
then already
by chute de gravat
You prefer
The Meteor
déjà il y a petite pluie
In addition to it and a des dinos
Therefore
I have no price
The Little Lane
Not good here
but
and it is that
On arrival to point
Who interests me
c is that
They are rewarding vite compte
that
by Chris Pratt
The Son of Dino
You know those to whom
They speak in faisant
with the small machine
The Little Scene
The yes
ridiculously
Brief by
He recovers a
who se bat à ses côtés
Like a dog
That doesn’t shock anyone
OK
but
It makes vite count
that
The company first
Who had requested
by Chercher
Vulait in fact
The mixer of DNA
Fare des croisements
by dino
to do a
More dangerous
who obirait à l'homme
to make a weapon
comment on can do
The question is
This is what we take
for the cons
Really
to 100%
or
What you think
That really
The mec
with a small claque-doigts
and it is all
can lead
The Army of Raptors
and yes
What it serves
Waiting for
You are on the train of me
to complot
It was what they wanted
by Chris Pratt
The assistant
to control their new weapons
by REMENER DES DINO
for that they regain
The tests
Recovery of Mixes
to create
The Last Weapon
But that would be des dino-robots
It would not be des dino
They would have something
in the head
No but that’s the problem
The place of invention
A bomb
MEGA Dangerous
Les mecs se cassent le cul
The mixer
already to baiser
The T-Rex
and a Diplodocus
But to kill who already
to my opinion
On the east on a threat
Global
Saudi Arabia
China
Everything that is not
American
and the coup
The question is rather
What you think
That is worth the coup
D'aller on an island
D’Sayer
to make baiser
Because that already
Fare des croisements
by chevaux
I know not if you see
Who is in the Campaign
It is hyper complicated
You have to excite
A man
The Ethan
The La Genisse
must be
Bon Ouais
It is hyper chiant
They must serve a buffer
You have to put them in music
Not but you see
Ouais tu leur mets des bougies
You brings an ethalon
Dancing an Immense Singerue
Then you have to go
Injects this
Bon c is chiant
They make it
You are in train of me
How to try to do
Two dinosaurs gigantic
It must be a bit complicated
YES
They don’t have the same race
attention
c is that
It is a diplodocus
It is a t-rex
I hate you
The Crossing
The Crusades of Dinosaurs
The dinosaurs stay among them.
It is that it is not
A lot of money
Waste for nothing
Here I am simple
You Want Me Answer
I want your answer
It's what you're going to see the movie
No
Bon Bah then
They have no eu reason
That is what you believe
The movie will not walk
This is what le premier a market
I imagine
Bah oui il a tout cassé
Bon Bah Yes
I will walk
He will walk
I think
So they auraient pu faire n'importe quoi
They are going whatever
What is that you
you auriez fait
I'm what I'm aimed
It is an intimist film.
with the dinosaurs
It's what they're safe chercher
Maybe Romer
The Last Godard
You see
Who comes
Who makes you a trick
Where Bon Bah Finally
It is a dinosaur 30 years old.
on va te le faire
We will put a little music
c is party
Patrick
Patrick is no more
Patrick I Want To Leave This Island
at any price
But finally
You know what with the little
It is impossible
The Little Dino
by car je le rappelle
We are the dinosaurs
Listen to
J'ai Now of the Gripes
Prehensible
I can open the doors
We are going to mount
in the boat
and leave the island at all never
I will not show
You don't understand me
You do not understand me more
I get bored
Patrick
You don’t miss
Yesterday
I'm going to see
on s'arrête here
in two weeks
for the second number
on you speaks
on ne sait pas encore
but on va s'imposer a subject
Possibly of cultural appropriation
Cultural Propriation
Oil of Olive
You will have to rame
The Little Croquantelles
Because it is really good
Here is
This is the end of this podcast.
The End of Plutôt Caustique
Generic of Fin
It is gentle
I am a miserable
Plutôt Caustique
Thank you a lot
You may be the boss for
Don't hesitate to subscribe to the podcast
To listen to all
Possible platforms
on va essayer de le foutre on Spotify
by iTunes
Also on Soundcloud
Do not hesitate to say
What you would like to talk about
What you would aim
Qu'on address as a subject
to speak of what you want
What we want before everything
Car we are free and French
thanks
Thanks to France
Create a Facebook page
and Twitter
We will create it all
to communicate with you
Our Essaierons de faire un episode
So every two weeks
c is that
by a quinzomadaire on a dit
to verify what is to look for
Because I'm not persuaded
that it is
I love the mot quinzomadaire
I will use it
by agreement
Here is
I've passed a very good moment with you
I also listen
It’s good it’s nice
I have not understood
Why you etiez venu en slip
Because in fact
You see the podcast
For me it is before all
Reaffirming its freedom
Affirming his personality
by agreement
and that I am there
All the world does podcasts today
What is that I can contribute in plus to the auditor
and well you are all now
That which olfactively
I bring a lot
Here is
by revoir
Goodbye to all the world
Welcome to Urbain
It was Plutôt Caustique
Goodbye to Clement
Plutôt Caustique
Stop recording
to stop
I stop recording
When I want to stop
by agreement